Interviewer: So today we’re looking at your Clean Air for Every Community campaign. Can you start by telling us what the main focus has been over the past year?
Campaign Lead: Yeah, sure. Over the last year, our main focus has been on raising awareness of the impact of air pollution on people living with respiratory conditions, particularly in urban areas. We’ve been working quite closely with local authorities, schools, and healthcare professionals to highlight the risks and push for stronger policy action.
Interviewer: What progress have you seen so far?
Campaign Lead: We’ve seen progress with local councils, schools and the public which has helped build momentum around the campaign.
Interviewer: Have there been any challenges along the way?
Campaign Lead: Yeah, definitely. One of the biggest challenges has been the inconsistency in policy across different regions. Some areas are moving quite quickly, while others are facing delays due to funding constraints or competing priorities. And it can also be quite difficult to maintain long-term public attention on the issue.
Campaign Lead: What are people telling you through your services and support networks?
Campaign Lead: We’re hearing regularly that people with asthma and COPD are noticing worse symptoms on high pollution days. Parents are concerned about children. These lived experiences are really important in shaping our campaign messaging.
Interviewer: And finally, what’s next for the campaign?
Campaign Lead: Looking ahead, we want to continue our campaign work and encourage more people to get involved.